# Ass6
A Python Programing Bootcamp in Kinshasa, DRC, is interested to offering a scholarship to her  students, a class of over 500 students. They reached out to you to come to their rescue. The following are some of the requirements. There are 3 quizzes to do, all quizzes are worth  100 points each, there are two test each 100 points (Advanced and Expert) Python tests. There  are about 10 assignments on programming and there are also 3 mandatory zoom calls to attend  to help reinforce the materials. As a boot camp, they are looking to hire you as a Python developer to put their concept into a  tangible product, and into fruition. There are two types of Scholarships  1) Full scholarship - only obtained by students in Africa 2) Partial Scholarship. – only obtained by students in the diaspora and outside Africa The following are the requirements to earn a scholarship: i) For a student to get a scholarship, they must come from Africa ii) The student has to score an average of 80% for males. iii) The student has to score an average of 76% for females. iv) All the quizzes are added together, and the two test and the average are obtained. v) All the zoom calls attendance are scored based on participation and attendance at 9 points total attendance and participation vi) The programming assignments are also scored based on attempts and submissions  at 10 points totals. You are required to design a program to issue the scholarships. The program should accept  entry of: 1) Student first and last name 2) Student Id number (make up your own) 3) Student mailing Address/ City / Country and Region. For African Region accept “A” for  others accept “O” option 4) Student email 5) Students phone Number 6) Score obtained on Quiz, Quiz2, Quiz 3, Test 1 and Test 2 and calculate the Average 7) Display the score obtained from Zoom calls – [0 – 9] points 8) Display the score obtained from homework programming assignments [0 - 10] points 9) If the student is not based in Africa – don’t offer a scholarship. Only give to students in  Afric
